#9287 Update Node/npm suggested version (#9289)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/requirements.md

        - Build with success with v11, only smoke tests passing on v13, errors with v16.(Details on issue [#6935](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/issues/6935))
        - Running with Tomcat 10 causes this issue [#7524](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/issues/7524).
    - ² About NodeJS and NPM:

>         - Node 18 causes [this issue](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/mapstore-project/issues/18) on MapStore project system.
>         - Also this [webpack issue](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69394632/webpack-build-failing-with-err-ossl-evp-unsupported) needs to be solved by changing the hash algorithm or setting proper flags.

Author: ```suggestion
        - NPM 6.14.15 causes [this issue](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/mapstore-project/issues/18) on MapStore project system.
        - Node 18 causes [webpack issue](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69394632/webpack-build-failing-with-err-ossl-evp-unsupported) needs to be solved by changing the hash algorithm or setting proper flags.
```
